ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib
ac_add_options --without-intl-api
ac_add_options --without-system-png
ac_add_options --without-system-nss
ac_add_options --without-system-nspr
ac_add_options --without-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --with-system-ffi
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-pixman
ac_add_options --disable-eme
ac_add_options --disable-dbus
ac_add_options --disable-gold
ac_add_options --disable-jack
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-vtune
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --disable-webrtc
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-elf-hack
ac_add_options --disable-jemalloc
ac_add_options --disable-callgrind
ac_add_options --disable-profiling
ac_add_options --disable-necko-wifi
ac_add_options --disable-pulseaudio
ac_add_options --disable-debug-symbols
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-accessibility
ac_add_options --disable-parental-controls
ac_add_options --disable-system-extension-dirs
ac_add_options --enable-alsa
ac_add_options --enable-strip
ac_add_options --enable-release
ac_add_options --enable-rust-simd
ac_add_options --enable-linker=lld
ac_add_options --enable-install-strip
ac_add_options --enable-official-branding
ac_add_options --enable-application=browser
ac_add_options --enable-optimize="$CFLAGS -w"
ac_add_options --enable-default-toolkit=cairo-gtk3-wayland
